Update CodeInjection.md (#108)
DavidXanatos/sandboxie-docs: Content/CodeInjection.md

##### InitInject

> The `InitInject` function checks if the process is running natively (i.e. 32-bit on a x86 system or 64-bit in a x64 system), or if its running under wow64 (that is a 32-bit process on a 64-bit system) and selects either the native ntdll base address or the one of the wow64 ntdll. On windows prior to 8 that address was located in `KUSER_SHARED_DATA::Wow64SharedInformation` structure, but not on later windows. Sandboxie used the driver to record the address of the wow64 ntdll during image loading and `InitInject` queried the driver for it. Since version 5.44 however its driver independent, the loader code uses `NtQueryVirtualMemory` to find the image base address and saves it into the `ntdll_wow64_base` field of the data block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `InitInject` function checks if the process is running natively (i.e. 32-bit on a x86 system or 64-bit in a x64 system), or if it's running under wow64 (that is a 32-bit process on a 64-bit system) and selects either the native ntdll base address or the one of the wow64 ntdll. On Windows versions prior to 8, that address was located in `KUSER_SHARED_DATA::Wow64SharedInformation` structure, but not on later versions. Sandboxie used the driver to record the address of the wow64 ntdll during image loading and `InitInject` queried the driver for it. Since version 5.44, however, it's driver independent, the loader code uses `NtQueryVirtualMemory` to find the image base address and saves it into the `ntdll_wow64_base` field of the data block.
```
